A secturities trader (specialiing in options) in a past life, I could best be described as a reluctantly transient developer seeking the right place to put down stakes.  Best described as an observant, creative problem solver and diplomat, I fit an odd niche as a professional:  One who can pick up on a business case quickly, assess a situation and power through a lot of hard lessons.  While I am patterned towards independence and self-reliance, when amongst others who working towards the same goal I am attentive to the needs of others and eager to offer support where needed.  That said, I do trend towards martyrdom and am prone to taking on more responsibilites than I can reasonably handle when the need arises.

I've endured nearly every bad practice imaginable, battled toxic cultures (with the scars to prove it) and endured more than a decade of accumulated tech debt.  While I can often come across as jaded or cynical, I prefer to define myself as a high-functioning pesimist:  Someone who is not afraid to be mindful of and acknowledge observable problems and pitfalls in order to free up others to remain driven by optimism.  I am a strong proponent of [premortem brainstorming/problem solving](https://freakonomics.com/podcast/failure-is-your-friend-2/) as a counter-balance to "go fever".

I identify best with the [extroverted introvert](https://medium.com/swlh/life-as-an-extroverted-introvert-627304372393) architype, which can be both draining and extremely useful, when nurtired and applied wisely.  I am highly responsive to demonstrable urgency and opportunity, but will often neglect or defer administrative tasks to pursue emergent opportunities or a sudden crisis.  Properly motivated, I can (and have) push myself to pursue a goal for 16 hours a day, 7-days a week, but can often feel disoriented when urgency is lackibg or expectations are not well defined.  I am generally most creative in the early evening (8pm to 2am) and most productive in the late morning through to the early afternoon (10am to 3pm).

I rarely (if ever) seek acknowledgement and tend not to respond well to overt celebration for modest acheivement.  When behaviour needs to be corrected or otherwise adjusted, I generally need time to openly evaluate my default response/reaction to a given scenario in order to fully appreciate and embrace the need for change.  This can be easily dismissed as "making excuses", however revisiting my past decisions that I viewed as appropriate at the time is all part of an active process geared towards addressing any problematic values/motives/perspective that needs to be adjusted.  While potentially time-consuming, it's the most effective way for me to implement lasting change.

When I am not working, I am often wrapped up in politics, busy assisting my extended family or enslaved by my cat.  An athlete in my youth, I am largely relegsted to spectating due to a series of lasting injuries.
